[main] add aggregation layer configuration required (#1934)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/installation-requirements/installation-requirements.md

Rancher needs to be installed on a supported Kubernetes version. Consult the [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions) to ensure that your intended version of Kubernetes is supported.

> Regardless of version and distrobution, the kubernetes cluster must have the aggregation api layer properlly configured to support the [extension api](../../../api/extension-apiserver.md) used by rancher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of version and distribution, the Kubernetes cluster must have the aggregation API layer properly configured to support the [extension API](../../../api/extension-apiserver.md) used by rancher.
```
